who are just like very entitled.

Oh no.

Like just complaints about everything.

And then, yeah.

Yeah.

It's just like, it feels like most things aren't done correctly,

even if they're done to the best of our abilities.

Are you working with like less staff than previous years?

We actually have four wardens on at this point, which is great.

like um it's it's the most wardens we've been able to have uh but there's such high turnover

rate between us and the the student staff like a lot of students don't like the job because of

the way our management handles it and so no one stays for longer than like a season oh

but why why is management just like abrasive or like is it like a personality thing is it like

system thing it's like it feels like everyone in like the higher up positions are like big

micromanagers oh no and it's it's very difficult to get away from i see uh

javin this is what you're working with you're working with like drains pre-summer energy

man uh no i mean it's that's the point of this right it's group therapy is the way i

exactly wait wait wait does is like one of the three of us javin are you like

are you are you you're doing super awesome well right to like balance the the humors here

uh well question mark past two weeks were really bad uh and i was like bringing work stress home

too wasn't great but now it's been getting better um our it's so funny but like when our ceo is

more stressed out everybody in the company is more stressed out when our ceo is less stressed out

everyone's less stressed out like literally it's like it's so interesting how the culture flows

from the top and the whole the whole company is like an organism that's just tied by the hips to

each other you know yes um like today he literally on a call he was like people who think designers

are going to be replaced by ai are just fucking stupid like in in so many words um is that you

guys need to stop worrying about job security here like like if you're not like it's ai is not going

the thing that replaces you you're gonna get replaced is because you're not doing the job

you're supposed to be doing like yeah i'm like i mean fair right like um but then he also said

he's been feeling a lot better just mentally because it's getting greener and everyone's like

a collective sigh of relief it's like do have you ever played like mario party where you have to

bring like bowser like the food that he likes and he's very like picky moody if you bring like the

wrong fruit like have you played the game no i don't remember that but that sounds like a good time

no uh i feel like yeah my age is showing hold on

which mario party i played the one on the game queue that was like my first one was super fun

yes uh yeah i'm gonna post a screenshot and you'll see these glorious graphics

um yeah you have to like pick the right fruit that he's in the mood for but like there's

absolutely no rhyme or reason for like what fruit he wants i think he says a bunch of fruits in the

beginning and you have to remember i think it's like a memory game where yeah you have to give him

fruits that are on his list but it he's very temperamental that's super funny

yeah you're just trying to give the ceo the right roots in many ways

he's he's got rhymes and reasons he writes down his rhymes and reasons at least so that's pretty

good so oh that's good yeah he's a very very uh german person if that makes any sense i don't know

be working out with germans to know what i'm talking about like he's very pragmatic very how

do you call it um almost like brutally honest to the point of being undiplomatic but like it's

from like he's just frustrated with the facts or the situation it's not like personal like you

don't have to appease his emotional side so much you just have to do good work which i'm like you

know i could work with this yeah it's just different different people have different

personalities it's okay but um no but it was stressful for me last two weeks but this week i

don't know i just been more relaxed i think the i i met a pretty major deadline that's been

nice so now i can just take a little bit more of a breather this week and then plus i'm going

i don't see jake at zinni on friday to at the park so oh true yeah true wow that's awesome yeah

because i i rescheduled last weekend it ended up being an extremely wise decision because we had

yeah the rain was terrible it was insane like how do you guys deal with jake like how do you guys

what do you guys do when it's like raining and pouring out like downpour um well i'll tell you

what very good thing you didn't come with a park flooded like we were already dealing with some

water issues um but we got like almost 24 hours straight of just rain right yeah um so as far as

like what our workload looks like wardens don't change at all like we're still out on foot patrol

we're still like doing the whole kit and caboodle we're just getting soaked while doing it god damn

um yeah yeah the maintenance team's a little bit better um they've got like oh yeah

sydney's giving me looks uh but the the guy who runs the maintenance team kept them inside as much

as he could um cleaning is out in the rain so he's also good so okay not ideal not ideal

but at least less people like um yeah you know we did have quite a few people leave

on the saturday or on the friday uh because the saturdays were when we got all the rain

and then sunday was a nightmare but for other alternative reasons i see i see

yeah do you guys want to get started it's been a while yeah where where are we starting from

where's our like time point node okay okay okay i i have a plan that i'd like to pitch

so um i'll just leave the recap i think it may be

hmm maybe a little bit faster so we actually did our first summer session at you know on February 10th

based on my notes yeah so this is actually summer session number two so the the notes I have is uh

three months have passed like it's on the wiki it's uh I linked it in the channel yeah if you

before we were under the assumption that everyone had individual homes but i think we're doing the

whole law house thing right so whatever that's fine yeah ellery designed a floating library with

no entrance olay kept crashing finley's hot goss club and then like nelly uh got destroyed by bad

luck bees oh yeah i remember that she lost her eyebrows i think too yes um holden saw

woolly moss moose and uh but the alpha was a heat and then uh started aggressively

oh my goodness being attracted to him i see let me see let me see

ellery stuck behind and then like tried to basically some one thing led to another and

the horde started like trying like it was like a stampede of some sort i think um and then

halden you had a you had a standoff with the alpha

wait can we like why were we we were trying to find something or what brought us to the moose again

um halden wants a herd animal oh okay yes it was okay understand i was like wait was this for a

greater purpose and the answer was uh we wanted moose i get it because we're saying like hey is

there like a buffalo equivalent here and i'm like hmm what about moose yeah okay um

oh uh yeah and then like holding you kept rolling doing bad rolls back to back if i recall

and you were very last failure with fear you on a charge and then you froze you flash back to your

about Anya and then who said you should never harm another creature and then oh yeah with looks of

belonging yeah yeah that was just just a bit yeah okay um where i would propose that we kick off is

i have a um pretty good timeline now i think in terms of the like i i took all the stuff all the

wish list items that we talked about last session um okay but for today i think session one we can

talk about longhouse raising day yeah I like that yeah okay okay yeah oh my god it's been a while

but summer has gone on for a little bit it's been a few weeks since the moose encounter

and uh holden how are your injuries and bruises coming along

oh um physically i'm i'm a little battered um beginning to heal lots of time indoors uh

perhaps like the first few days i had to like have a straw diet only

where it's just like soups soups and sauces yeah um i'm battered i'm still a little still a little

bruised still a little tender uh but the biggest wound would be my ego i think okay okay that one

will take some time to heal oh like if i'm not mistaken you got away from the whole scuffle

pretty pretty scot-free actually that's right yeah i don't i don't involve myself in the fray i think

i was either like on the back of someone's shoulders or on the back of a moose i yeah i was

just not in the front yes uh okay um once uh once in a while as you're kind of like um so this

between the injuries and the fact that ellery is kind of like out of commission right now

the story that we had in in the universe was ellery i think had a standoff against the moose and she

tried to disguise herself as like a tree or something and the moose like saw through the

disguise and then decided to like ram her right and then like her i said her magic dampening bracelet

kind of when deactivated so for the most part it's like your group of npc is like veno's finley um

what's a lady's name nelly and halden and you guys and oleg and you guys were kind of the ones kind

of like trying to build the long house to get everything into shape um finally basically uh

who would be the person to basically hammer in the last nail would you say here oh that does sound

like a halden activity like because i feel like this is like his baby yeah like so i feel like

he probably was the one who designed and like dude was the leader of this endeavor but what are your

thoughts jake yeah why don't you paint the scene yeah i think uh it is the the days are getting

longer and I think we're looking for some shade. The camera pans down to a almost completely

completed longhouse. You hear the the thwack of a mallet and the camera pans and it's just like

the final shingle or there's like a couple spaces left for some shingles. And Halden looks in his

bag and he's oh i'm i'm out of nails oleg toss me up some of them nails and as i look over the

corner um what is oleg doing instead of helping all of them so i'm like so he's out of nails

because i have been like braiding nails into like an elaborate necklace because they looked really

shiny and I just wanted them and so um yeah I'm starting to yeah like place the final nails in

terms of my necklace it looks very witchy and very like haphazard this is not like a pretty

necklace it's just like a big string of like nails kind of clustered together

do you have like a hammer that's like bending them so they're like paper clips

uh yes yes i have like a small little hammer that so halden like designed

ghouls for a leg that were his like strength appropriate so it's like a smaller hammer

cool cool nice um you mean you mean like these things i have i have all the nails here

um oh i bent it can you still use it um well well maybe we could use those for for something else

um are there any are there any straight ones left

i like hammer one back into being straight yeah you can use this one

all right i'll reach down it's not like crucial for holding up the entire structure right like

like it's it's not like a linchpin of the the nails yeah no this one's not load bearing

and it'll be all right.

And I'll reach down and I'll pick it up

with my like huge arms.

Like I don't...

And I'll tap, tap, tap, tap

the final shingle in place.

Crawl down the shoddy ladder

and take a step back

and admire the handiwork.

I hang the nails up as a nail chime

so that when the wind hits them

it makes like a small sound.

Well, isn't that grand?

Yeah.

And, um,

everyone's got, like, a little piece of something

that they are pinning on and around the longhouse

as it finishes construction to commemorate this occasion.

Finley walks over, takes a look around and says,

Man, I know I had very low expectations, but this is one ugly long house that we've put together.

It'll do, I suppose.

Well, hold on now.

Next time a house needs being built, I'll make sure you make the tools and then use said tools to make the house.

But Finley, we're not even in the design stage.

like could we use your expertise and your kind of city palette can can help us like make this a

little bit more luxurious? I mean if it were up to me I would tear this whole thing down and start

from scratch there's not even a little bit of it that but I suppose I'll have to be the bigger

person here and let my standards slide for a bit given the current precarious situation we find

ourselves in fair fair and like what kind of weight holden so like we have the structure but

what's the vibe that we want to go for here like we like if we're gonna design the inside like

what are you hoping for well everyone gets their own little nook in the uh in the longhouse so

i guess i assumed the vibe would be home whatever whatever you think is home it would be in your

little nook and then when you look at it as a grand tapestry it'll be our home all right yeah

think of home all like all like uh thinks of all the crime syndicate rituals

um okay but like finley we probably need like cohesion yeah like everyone yeah i i suppose

there's there's like one thing that i can think of that we can do uh i'm sorry i'm alternating

between like david from schitt's creek and like a more plosh version of him it's been a while i

love that okay and he goes um you know what like to make this less of an eyesore i guess i could

order in some like linens and tapestry and banners to make this whole place you know tie it together

a little bit more make it a little bit more homely but um um wait let me just contact my courier

and as he pulls up the thing and he starts writing he's like we don't have an address do we

um how would the courier even know where to find us like we're in the middle of nowhere right now

do you like do you like make an address like how does that work

can you just be like by the big dragon skeleton

where are we holden you're supposed to know this stuff no

holden looks like um unbothered and he's he's he's so happy with the longhouse

well we are where we are boys and that's where the address will be

none of you even know where you are i don't even know where i am no one knows where i am except

somehow my my father who's been threatening to send inquisitors over to check out my progress

oh i must have just so we we could ask one of them where he sent them because yeah exactly

it's one-way communication only don't don't you understand that i'm not allowed to talk back but

they can always talk back to me oh yeah i see how that could like extrapolate childhood and stuff

must i do everything myself i'm gonna take a walk around here and start mapping out the area

and then as he goes he pulls out like a squirrel um with him he produces a squirrel and uh he's off

well there's nothing else to really do right like it's finished so like we could help

finley or we could let him like be all independent and self-sufficient

um what do you think we should do alton

Well, seeing as the man just insulted my dastardly handiwork, why don't you show me into your little nook and show me how you decorate?

And Holden is curious to see what Oleg's going to set his little bed area up like.

Okay, okay. So, yeah, like, I think Oleg has, over the few months, he has hoarded basically a lot of, like, things from the forest.

And, like, just kind of subtly borrowed things from other people in the camp.

So he has a lot of like blankets, kind of pillows here and there, and shiny things.

And he's a very like comfort creature.

So he walks Halden over and he lets him know like, oh, like this is going to be a comfy space here.

This is going to be another comfy space here.

There's going to be more shiny things over here.

I'm going to decorate the ceiling with like other shiny things.

And there are basically two main things.

there's like lots of like comfortable textures and then shiny things those are like his two

requirements for like things that he wants to be around him and then um there might be one area

where he keeps his like spell components or his kind of more witchy requirements um but

But those things are not as organized as, let's say, like Nellie would have them.

They're kind of just like, this is the general area for like critter type things.

And this is the general area for like herbs.

And so he'll show Halden like that he would have like those things.

But the longhouse is probably empty.

So he's just pointing things out and just rambling about what he'd do.

Yeah.

Alden is following along, like hand on chin, nodding intently, but very clearly like not really getting it.

You just have to see it.

Once I put everything in there, it'll feel nice.

We're not going for like an aesthetic.

We're going for a feeling.

You get me?

Yeah, yeah, no, I know what you're saying.

That makes sense.

And that feeling is cozy and also shiny.

Mm-hmm.

it's cozy and cluttered i get that yeah cozy clutter core that's perfect um but like what's

what's your what's your like no gonna be like and yeah what do you want to have in there

um i think the next nook over would be holden's uh and spatially it's it's maybe a little bit bigger

um there is like a a very like rust it's very rustic cabiny looking um so like the bed frames

made out of like uh untreated wood yeah oh like the live edge sort of wood exactly yeah okay nice

there's like a small um there's a small corner for like maybe maybe wood carving or like it's

like a desk so it's just kind of like a hobby shelf um there's definitely some inkwells uh and

like his little poetry book um and i like to think that his room would be very close to like the

kitchen or the dry pantry um so he's like running to and from and all of his herbs are in one place

you can make sure nobody's like in there messing with it um but yeah yeah lots of like flannels and

and like heavy um he's like cottage core or like yeah yeah as you're opening up your uh pantry

as you turn a knob you're you're just uh showing olag around as you open it up you notice uh none

of the ellery is just like standing there stiff as a board in the pantry was like oh um sorry i'm

I thought this was supposed to be my space.

Were you?

The pantry.

This is my closet, isn't it?

Yeah.

I know.

I know you used to go in the tree before.

Wait, we didn't use Ellery's tree for the longhouse, right?

Like we kept the really symmetrical one.

We would have kept it.

We would have kept the big tree.

Okay.

Just checking.

um well yeah i suppose you could you could guard here make sure the you just like do you just like

push her back in like you open the jar and you're like oh

it's like it's like poppy open the battery hatch it's like you pop it open and then you take the

battery out like you pull it and then ellers there no i'm still supposed to be here i'm still

charging yeah pop her back in yep all right close the door how is the long house like heated like

i guess it's the summer but like yeah there is definitely like a field stone hearth in the very

center um and it's like open on uh i think four sides like it's cornered off and it's like big big

big so there's a big chimney and um i wanted to ask out of character like over the last month like

as we're in the summer is there anything that the town needs or like is there anything it needs more

of or is there anything we're like oh we're running low on these supplies like out of curiosity

like yeah because obviously like we're getting bigger um i'm not sure if they need like

to treat water somehow or they've just been boiling water curious what does town need i

my pitch is um you don't have to worry about too much of the thing but you might be running low on

metals because we don't you don't have like a blacksmith or like a mine or even a miner or

yeah we're a mine period right but maybe you brought like a lot of the nails and hammers like

the basic construction supplies with you before you came but like you might be running low on that

reasonable to assume.

Yeah.

Especially nails.

Mm-hmm.

It would be convenient to

have the resources available

that we could maybe entice

a blacksmith on coming over.

You know?

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

So, what would a blacksmith

need? Oh, wait.

Did someone join? No, I just started playing

Oh, that's just the music.

Got it, got it.

Yeah.

What would a blacksmith need?

Am I on mute?

Oh, got it.

Sorry, I'm just trying to get the music set up.

Holden is thinking that, like,

maybe we set up, like,

like a little shop

or, like, a stand

in maybe the old lean-to.

We would need

some field stones and we would need

some precious metals

to maybe get them

set up. But we could

in

Venus's

turn home and his little notes,

we could sell a little advertisement

for like, hey, we're looking

for a village blacksmith.

Room and board

paid for if you can come make tools.

Oh, nice. Okay, so he can, like, send that message for us.

I'm gonna commune with the spirits and ask them how we can find precious metals.

Holden, I've been teaching you some runes lately, and, like, a little bit of the ways of the forest.

Do you want to take part two or should I do it?

Like, yeah.

What are your thoughts?

Or do you want to try?

I would love to.

Yeah, absolutely.

I would love to try.

Okay.

So we need to choose something around here that's going to be the focus of our spirit circle.

It should be something connected to the natural world.

And it should be something that we would be gifting to Back to the Forest.

It could be a plant or an animal or like some sort of material.

But yeah, what should we use?

It could be the nail wind chime if you want, but I kind of like that.

Low-key, I don't usually give things that I super like.

But I also can't give them like the bottom of the barrel stuff because then it doesn't work.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I'm going to look around and see what I have in my little nook.

Something that is like important.

Oh, you know what I'm going to give?

I'm going to give my mallet that I made to help build the lungs.

So that the four spirits might use its essence to create whatever they need.

As you explain this to me, I whisper like, hey, but you can make another one of those, right?

Oh, yeah.

Okay, then we can totally do that.

It's just wood on wood. It's fine.

Okay, okay.

Oh, and by the way, I've been taking all of the junk, I mean all of the stuff that I donate to the spirits,

I've been taking it up to the bone dragon thing.

But I only do that trek every few weeks when too much stuff accumulates in my space.

Does that mean it's time now and we're looking to make that trek and do the ritual?

Yeah, like I kind of do the ritual outside of our camp.

And then when I'm feeling up to it and the weather's really nice, then I'll do the trek up to the bone dragon.

Well, I say it's it's a beautiful day for a hike.

Okay, so yeah, let's let's do it there.

So I guess I would start gathering all the other materials that I would need, like the chalk or like.

like any other kind of herbs or worms or insects that I would want to be part of the ritual and

I'll haphazardly put them in kind of a a merce like a messenger bag um and I'll I'll start making

the trek uh with Holden to the to the bone dragon area I think as we're leaving I would look for

venos to see if he would want to come with us to help map out that area too um as you were kind of

like um looking around for venos you notice um that as you walk into the corner can you do a

what is the equivalent of like a perception check in this game again it would be for the instinct

roll right i think yeah yeah i can roll instinct yeah first roll of the game let's do it yeah

i got a 16 with hope 16 with hope okay nice um well bright as day you could kind of tell venos is

um blushing a little bit and uh as he's whispering um almost in like a like a low

grumbly like a very almost dare i say suggestive voice into a sending stone and as you walk up

behind him um he's like a little bit uh startled all of a sudden you hear your footsteps he like

very kind of hurriedly puts the sending stone away he's like oh uh were you looking for me um

Hold it.

Venus, why the hell are you whispering sweet nothings into that rock?

What rock? Nothing is right.

Yeah, I wasn't whispering anything at all.

I don't know what you're talking about here.

Yeah.

I can tell that rock is blushing.

That rock is blushing right now.

You watch it's like his Vitos' face is starting to get like flush

You can very very easily tell he's a little bit like flustered

Vinos, I mean I can cast talk with rocks and figure out what's going on here or you could just tell us

Okay

Alright fine

You know what? Yeah, go for it. Let's see what this is

Deception. Yeah, is that presence?

yeah that would be presence yeah because yeah like i would love if there was a spell

top with rocks but alas so how do we do that oh if i click on it i think it will

okay so let's see roll

oh it shows up here um so nine hope and four fear plus wait that novel let's try that again

here you go

let's try this way roll okay 10 hope and three fear plus two so 15 presents roll

15 with fear or hope hope hope 15 with hope oh so i gain a hope it's been too long since i

Yeah, so he says, okay, fine, the gig is up, I suppose.

All right, all right, I was going to keep it a secret before, but truth be told, I think I could really use some help.

See, I've been talking to an old classmate of mine from the academy.

I didn't do very well.

That's why I ended up becoming the mailman.

But we got to talking again.

And she, I think, I really like her.

But I don't know how to talk to her very well.

And I just, I'm not very good at this whole thing, you know.

Oh, well, Venus, you ain't as simple as I thought you were.

Well, um...

The shade.

Thanks.

You were that simple as I thought.

My goodness.

Well, of course we could lend a hand.

Wait, but it sounded like it was going well.

Like, it sounded like you were, you know, I don't know.

It sounded like you were really close to the rock and stuff.

Well, I was just practicing.

uh but i i think um i don't know i was just gonna ask if she wants to um catch bugs with me together

here but i don't know if i don't know if cute girls like her are into this type of stuff

wait but are you into that type of stuff uh

sometimes when i'm hungry but i just that's that's why i go out and pick bugs so i could

eat them as snacks or crunchy and all i don't know i guess between all of us

alden would know the most about like love and stuff so like yeah are girls into that

into into bugs you say yeah because i have so many of those

bugs or girls that are into said bugs

one of those right now i don't know oh i i see you i get you um well in my experience uh

i can't say bugs are the main charm but bug related items like you know flowers and

pretty thing i guess i suppose if they think the bugs are pretty then hey

That's up to them.

Also, if she hates bugs, but she says yes, it means she really likes you.

It's true.

She might ask you if you'd love her if she was a bug.

Oh, so you're saying my idea has...

I should go ahead with this.

Ask her if she's into bugs.

If you're into bugs, then you should totally catch bugs.

And if she wants to join, then that's awesome.

It's always good to have a common interest.

By the way, out of character, you guys are...

I don't know.

I get the sense that you're sabotaging him.

But we'll see how this goes.

I don't know this girl.

I think she might be in the bugs.

And if he is in the bugs.

You know what?

You're right.

I believe in that.

You're super right.

Yo, be yourself and you'll catch them bug girls.

plenty of bugs in the forest as they say yeah um he goes okay you're giving me the confidence i

need to go ahead with this i'm gonna start oh my god what's your name um laur she goes by lauren

laurith okay do you want me to include her name in my rituals and like wish you luck and stuff

uh yeah girls are really into that right you have a chat a ritual about them so they'll fall in love

with me uh i don't really know how it works i just kind of like write down their name and then i tell

the forest what i want and sometimes it gives me signs but i can let you know what it says about

lauren i could be like hey do you think she's into bugs but today we have to ask a different question

um but i can definitely put it on like my list of rituals to do

okay yeah i would maybe hold off on telling laura that you're doing rituals and whatnot to make sure

that she's like into you maybe it would be best if she was into you uh on her own accord

it does seem like a little red like kind of like a red flag confidence wise i guess

but um okay okay i'll ask her about bugs for now and then uh i see how far that takes me

okay wait but what's your favorite thing about her um

She calls me my little...

My sweet little monkey.

Oh.

God, yeah, that's... cool.

I don't know if monkey's a slur for the...

What's this? It's like the primate race from Daggerheart.

Simeon?

Simeon, that's right.

It's like Simeon.

Wait, what's she like?

And why don't you tell us about her while we're walking to this destination?

Okay, okay, okay.

Tell us everything.

Yeah, and Zugo's...

Well, she's tall.

Like, six foot tall.

Cool.

Long black hair that's that goes just below her below her shoulders

Really smart wicked smart and

It's really nice to me and I think that's that's the main reasons why I like her I think

Did she say why she likes you um or we don't know that yet

I don't know if she likes me, but I sure hope that she does.

Wait, who approached who for, like, keeping in contact?

She approached me, actually.

My god, she totally likes you.

Okay.

She's into you.

Oh, you think so?

Yeah, because you were like, hey, Lauren, I'm going away for an indefinite amount of time.

I guess I'll see you and then she said oh let's stay in contact and that's like clearly a sign

yeah I was just uh I was just sending messages back to the academy one day and uh suddenly um

I don't know if it's fate or something but Lauren just jumped in and was the one who uh sent a

message back and started asking me where I am how I'm doing who I'm with and the size of the

encampment all that stuff she must really care about me right guys yeah she like slid into your

direct messages yeah so smart of her how did she even know where to find the which which setting

stone to talk back to that's incredible ah she's great lauren is great yeah it's a lot of effort

on her team lauren i'm convinced um wait but why are you here then why don't you like go back and

like be with her um she's like the love of your life wait maybe i jumped ahead there but

you obviously like each other well the plan is once we get an actual address and know where we

are i'll tell her to come and visit because i i kind of have trouble

knowing where we are on the map right now

but by the way out of character you should you should ask finley where we are i feel like he

he knows by now he's been working on it yep out of character this is me uh not so subtly saying

we should do the um what's it called the world we left behind like the map painting thing we should

yeah okay um and he says oh that's a that's a great idea i could uh lend finley a hand with

the exploration around and to figure out where we are maybe that will make it easier and once

we figure out where we are i could invite laura over for a visit what do you guys think

yeah like love is a powerful motivator yeah she's been asking to come and check out our settlement

for a long time now actually when i say long time i really just started messaging her like two days

ago well it'll take time to get things settled and if this is still going on by that time

um it was meant to be um hold on can i can i tell you the truth about something

i'm all ears i think i might be falling in love with her

yeah that's sweet i remember those days yep when i was young oh my god what are your symptoms

are you like i don't know like is it hard to concentrate are you not sleeping

yeah i uh i'm always checking on my signing stone to see if there's a new message that's coming in

okay but you're playing hard to get right like you have to play hard to get

no that's not true you gotta you gotta show her how much you care you gotta be

open you got to be honest you got to be willing to reciprocate whatever they're

growing up i learned that people like bad boys i grew up with like a bunch of criminals

so uh elder brothers would always just like if someone really likes them they'll let them

like chase after them and sort of not reply sometimes to be mysterious oh oleg have you

experienced love before too i don't think so he's being very honest

oh that's too bad um i mean is it worth it like is it nice it seems like a lot of trouble when i

think about what my brothers

went through.

Sometimes it seems like it caused a lot

of pain and hardship and

fighting and death

and bloody feuds

among families.

I don't know. Is it like

is it worth?

Let me tell you something,

Oleg.

You've been doing a lot of

teaching.

Let me impart some wisdom on it.

love may may hurt it may wrench y'all in a little heart and soul apart

it could be the reason you stay in a bad situation or be the reason you leave a good one

but all that every single second of spending your life with the person you love

there isn't anything magical or not in this world

and and yes it is not always easy trust me i i know i i have felt hurt and pain loss like you said

death a thousand times over but to lose and to hurt is to have known love

okay okay okay well i'll like look for it i guess or like does it just happen

because it seems like it just happens to people well i think it it's dependent on everybody

there there is so much love to go around and not all of it's just with one person or romantically

there's a lot of love that i feel for place i place i stay or the even the person i am

oh like you can love someone like family yeah you know okay okay so we can like

yeah okay so i yeah i support your quest for love venus

you're giving me a lot to think about here definitely

it's not gonna be all fun and sunshine and happiness

oh yeah you want it you gotta put yourself out there you can't just

pretend it's not happening and expect the other person to do all the work

you gotta you gotta do your best you gotta be honest and vulnerable and and if you're yourself

and truly and i mean truly who you are she he's into it she's into you she'll accept that

man maybe that's bugs man maybe that's bug and if she doesn't there are plenty of bugs in the forest

Man.

That is the truth.

I mean, I really do like just this one bug right now,

but when I talked to Finley earlier,

he made it sound like the whole thing is so easy.

Maybe I can ask him for advice too.

Nah, probably don't ask him.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I mean, I don't know.

Does Finley have a lot of admirers?

He definitely says he's very experienced.

He says all you have to do is go up to these ladies and ask,

Hey, do you live alone?

And that works every time around.

Anyway, so as you guys are walking, you arrive.

With that uncomfortable question.

Yeah, with that uncomfortable question.

You arrive.

You arrive at your destination,

and you said you wanted to go hike towards the dragon skeleton, right?

yeah yeah okay so um i think because it's been a couple months oleg actually has carved

a circle like kind of concentric circles into like the how do you say platform i guess

that they are on. He's kind of carved deep enough that if there's rain or wind it won't necessarily

wash it away so he doesn't have to do it every time. He kind of had Ellery's help to make these

like symmetrical concentric circles and the only thing that he does have to redo every time is like

which runes he's using and that changes depending on what kind of question he wants to ask while

communing but he'll say hey like first things first let's put the uh offering in the center

of the circle um and like what kind of what question do we want to ask the spirits uh

yeah um called in like yeah what what do you want to ask the spirits about like

the blacksmith or the minerals or i think halden's curious about where he could find a precious

unique mineral that would entice uh a blacksmith traveling out of their way to work with it

okay okay so um oleg will show haldin like he'll like get the runes started

um but he'll ask haldin to do kind of like the final runes of the of the request um

and what you'll notice is like the recurrence of like i guess earth runes in this like question

kind of runes that are signaling like earth or rock um uh and so he'll he'll do one but he'll

ask holden to copy he's trying to like teach him essentially um and then afterwards like yeah like

afterwards we sit inside one of the circles and uh venos do you want to do you want to join in

or are you are you good outside of the circle or how do you want to do this um yeah i mean i would

love to help here with the ritual okay everyone sit cross-legged and then link arms

okay and then yeah

and then oleg is going to say okay like first concentrate on the mallet and then

in your mind like concentrate on the question that you want to ask and try to like if your

thoughts are wandering bring it back to the question and now you know try to dig within

yourself for that magic or that mystical energy and try to bring it out and direct it towards

the mallet so i i'm curious like if everyone and this is just for flavor it doesn't have to result

in any mechanic but like people could make like an instinct role to see like how well versed they

do this in terms of like focusing on the question and reaching out to the spirits for an answer

okay so jabbing can roll for venus by the are you planning to do the commune feature from

yes yes this is just for flavor then for now okay yeah this is just for flavor okay

so i'm gonna roll instinct okay i'm gonna roll instinct two

roll in

okay i did okay i did seven hope five fear plus three and how did everyone else do

seven with fear seven with fear okay and we're gonna say

alden is like the deciding factor okay um magical spark we have like one pass probably one fail

i rolled uh so i spent a hope and i'm gonna use my experience reunified with nature

i'm also gonna spend a prayer die um because i rolled a nine with fear i'm gonna use my

three prayer dice to add three to the roll so it's a 12 with okay so we're going to say like

collectively we're able to do something because whisper to jam and like yeah we are doing the

commune rule so like hopefully something happens but um i'll ask jake to describe

like i'm gonna say like describe what halden's magic looks like because like he's been getting

better with time but maybe this is the first time he's like visually been able to see a little bit

of a spark of his own magic and like what does that look like yeah love it uh so i'm sitting

like cross-legged with my arms out yeah um and there is uh a very like a summer's warmth

begin to emit from me uh like maybe i'm like noticeably like emitting a small amount of of

like cozy hearth form okay um and there are like small tendrils of like gold and maybe a hint of

like green begin working their way down my arms and out from under my

sleeves. And just as they begin to connect with the two of you, you see they

almost seem to form like small hands as if they're cupping my hand before they

sort of amalgamate into uh just like general magical uh ribbon it's very slight and it's very

it's very subtle because it's not super powerful yet but i'm really channeling uh what you have

taught me um and my uh my own personal like love yeah because i guess they had a whole discussion

about like love as they were and i think maybe in that moment because i think oleg probably told

halden at some point like everyone has a different way of accessing their magic like sometimes people

focus on like a feeling other people focus on like a memory sometimes it's a certain word

and so oleg would have encouraged halden to like find out what is his like kind of like

way into his magic and so maybe this like conversation about love was a bit of a pivot

point for him maybe he realizes that that's how he like taps into it um so you'll see like the

circle kind of faintly glows a little bit along the rings and like kind of like the outer ring

will glow first then a little bit towards the center and then the next one and suddenly the

the mallet glows and for a moment you have something flash like we all have something

kind of flash in our mind and i'm gonna do the commune feature and i have to roll a let's see

how it works and i would like to spend the hope to help uh oh i actually think this is purely like

a luck thing i actually it's not really like a pass or fail i just roll a d6

i don't know if javin wants to like add mechanics but i think i just roll like a d6 so it's like a

series of d6s right multiple is it we're only one i think it just is one oh okay um all right

and i rolled is six which is like the best option oh sweet um so six is you psychically experience

a scene relevant to the answer as if you were there whoa which is great

you psyched you're focused on where to can you restate the question again

yeah i think it was holden's question i think it's like where to find a precious mineral

yeah yes okay okay that would entice a blacksmith to come it was a specific

that was like the end goal yeah okay you as the spiritual energy that's surrounding

holden it kind of glows and then it suddenly kind of envelops the whole space around you

just momentarily and suddenly you got get this like flash of a vision of your mind kind of like

traveling through the world you're navigating you're all you're like looking at the world above for

just a brief moment before zooming in super close um you see

beneath the dragon skeleton there is a cave cavern of some sort it's deep deep deep within

where the crevice is the dragon's skeleton is embedded into the side of the mountain

and where the bones are embedded and fused with the earth itself crystals have started to form

on top of the dragon bones yeah and as you kind of gaze into this cave for a moment

all you see it looks nothing like the world around you and it's a cave of sparkling dragon

bone crystals in the same okay but like the bones are like crystallizing crystalline yeah maybe it's

something to do with the space around it or something else but um i love that you know kind

of turn this back to you guys um you in particular holden as you're kind of your consciousness is

zooming across the space you're seeing it for yourself what other things catch your eye what

makes this so amazing for you oh i think never having this view of the world before um feeling

like almost insignificant the the sheer scale um holding this through and i think i think maybe um

i would love the idea of there is a flash of like some sign of civilization

um maybe it's like a like a stonehenge like something that is very clearly not natural

um but something to investigate or like a landmark uh to know that we're journeying the right way

oh i see like as part of the world building we're a part of this cave in particular

a little bit of both like to find the cave is that what you yeah exactly yeah so we'd have to

to like travel to find the cave because i'm imagining our visions like zooming and so like

maybe there's a specific landmark that's like the halfway point yeah we're heading in the right

if there's a lake in the nearby or if there's like a particular like yeah tree or i'm thinking

a stone head thing okay yeah you were yeah I like that idea as you're kind of

like zooming in to the cave you as you kind of zoom back out and your

consciousness fuses with your body you see that on the path there are almost

like these like stone is the word like day is where is it days a day is to

yeah the day is yeah like these little stone basically like little monuments

tiny tiny carve it's unmistakably can deliberately place along the path of the

basically um every single every increment or so there is one of these that kind of leads it

towards where the cave is okay i like it

yeah cool as we as i think we as we flash out of the gym um holland will be very excited

Olay, did you see it too?

Yeah, we did it.

You did it.

That was like your magic.

I mean, you too, you know?

That was great.

Uh, wait, what?

Sorry, I was distracted.

But go on.

Oh, yeah, I mean, like, you're kind of lovesick, right?

So it'll do that.

So that's random.

But, yeah, like, we had a vision

and of like a cool cave with crystal materials and we're gonna go check it out oh man it sounds

awesome um and i i should have asked this question earlier but you guys are you mentioned you're in

the shadow of the dragon skeleton right like outside of it we're like yeah um some time has

gone by since the last time you were here the last time i remember uh oleg when you came and

you attempted the ritual yeah you like passed out from spiritual sickness um what has changed i would

love to just from here from your perspective what you think has changed maybe it's nature wise maybe

it's just the visuals what's different now so i think he was a little bit smarter he he moved the

location of this these circles to be less central like the area where he had kind of that over

pressure yeah he he wants to take advantage that this is like a high density area for magic but

it's kind of like when you're at in the pool like he doesn't want to go to the deep end but he

doesn't want to go to the shallow end he kind of moved the circle to an area where he's like okay

it feels a bit less overwhelming but there's still some magic to be like siphoned here um

and also just like acclimation i think if he acclimatized his body and he like made this hike

like on the regular to do this commuting like hopefully he'd get stronger and stronger but

yeah i think that those are the two factors that changed very cool yeah makes sense oh also

So he learned what questions not to ask.

So like maybe there are like questions that they produce things that are a bit too intense

right now, but like questions like these about like the location of something or more like

everyday happenings are like fair game.

But maybe there are like no-go questions where the spirits are like not happy with him.

Yeah.

I'm gonna spend two fear tokens.

Yes.

To do a quick foreshadowing.

As you hear, as you kind of have this conversation, you have this vision regarding the cave,

the ground beneath you, for the very, very, very slightly, there's just like a very faint tremor.

It's there.

Yeah.

You watch the trees around you shake a little bit.

Yeah, some of the, you hear the sound of like little critters, like kind of dashing into nearby burrows and bushes.

Birds take off from the trees ever so briefly, and then the tremor is gone.

Okay, okay.

Yeah, that was pretty powerful.

uh when do you think we should embark on this journey for the minerals we probably have to like

gather things and wait like do we have tremors like that all the time i you don't no well that

was unusual. Holden your magic's really potent it definitely responded. I hope it was a healthy

respond. Uh yeah the earth seemed happy it was totally dancing it was great. Well well like you

would know. Yeah, yeah.

Um, do we feel like--

Eyes down past, look to the bottom left. Okay. Um, so do we

have like any tools for gathering rocks? I can use my

nomadic pack. Um, but I would ask, do we feel like we have the

time to venture into this cave if we know which way to go?

Drew, because we already took the time to hike.

Let's do it.

No time like the present.

Okay, is it the morning or is it like midday?

I would say it's midday right now.

Okay, okay, let's do it.

If you notice, do you want to come?

Uh, I don't know if that would be much help here given how distracted I am, but, um,

I could go and tell Finley that you guys found a place.

Or I could just come with you, so he knows where we're going.

You could get, like, a shiny rock for your sweetheart.

That's a good plan.

Oh, I guess it could be into rocks and bugs.

That's a good idea.

Yeah.

can't wait to tell her about this cool rock that i will be finding in this

so wait okay i'm really excited to go but like should we tell the others that we're going into

this like underground cave or are we just like letting kind of what do you usually say holden

taking the bull by the horns or yeah yeah it'll be fine we'll be in and out quick okay fair

so yeah like i'd definitely let halden lead the way since i think he saw the landmarks for the

vision yeah yeah and so I would lead the way I'm excited

cool great okay as you start to approach where the dragon skeletons remains are

especially pertaining to the opening of the cave,

you have started to notice, as I described last time,

the landscape starts to change quite dramatically, actually.

When you were next to the forest,

when you were closer to your encampment,

everything is more lush, it looks green,

it's natural, like there's a certain like wilderness,

like a charming wilderness type of vibe to it.

But as you get closer to the dragon skeleton,

you can definitely tell kind of this land seems a bit more like decrepit um rotten

and the world itself seems to be more ill if that makes sense oh yeah but have i seen anything like

this before is this the first area where it seems like there's some sort of corruption

um the last time when you came to do the ritual uh yeah you also noticed the corruption the closer

you get to the dragon skeleton the more apparent it becomes and i i think i mentioned last time as

well there were like these uh bar like ghastly barbarians that were like the ghost of barbarians

basically they're taking axes and they're chopping Adam's dragon in Fort Eternity.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Okay, um, like, yeah, it looks, I don't know, the Earth's getting, like, sadder as we approach

the, as we approach the cave, Haldon and Venus.

Like, I'm not liking the vibe here.

Like, I'm not...

It seems like something's wrong.

And you said last time there was a vision adventure out this far.

You don't think that those spirits could be guarding the cave or whatever's inside?

Not... I'm not sure.

I guess we could keep our eyes open and keep watch, but I feel like we've used up a lot of energy asking for direction here.

So I'm not sure if we should wait and commune and ask more, or if we should just kind of do our best and keep our eyes open.

I wouldn't want to ask too much of the Earth.

It's obviously very weak here.

i'd be worried we'd spend an extra energy that it may not have okay why don't we keep our eyes open

and if we can help be able to see what we can grasp you um so javin are there any like

plants that are still alive or everything like they're dead dead or are they just like wilting

There are some plants, but they don't seem to be doing well.

The ones that do match a spout, they're like halfway rotten.

Or like as soon as they're like a little bit larger, they like will and die like immediately.

Oh, okay.

You could tell that this seems like nature is like looking at this,

you can kind of tell that nature is trying its best to be resilient here by growing as much as

it can um refusing to give up on regeneration but it's just it's a tough battle as if there's

nutrients in the ground are there like any animals around here yes can i get you to make an instinct

roll for that yes okay me gonna roll instinct oh that's not very good that is a one hope five fear

plus three so nine with fear yeah okay and as you ponder that question to yourself are there any

animals around and as you look um you know this is like bright daylight um as soon as you kind of

enter this area suddenly gets like really gloomy for some reason the world like it just there's this

like perpetual like haze in the sky um as if there's some sort of vapor from from the from

the dragon's kind of you can still make out the silhouette of the road ahead of you but like as

soon as you enter this area it feels like misty hazy um and as you're trying to look around in this

mist um all of a sudden you trip over a branch and um it seems to have startled the dead tree that

was right next to you and from the tree a solar bats fly out um right into your face

I like shield myself

With my little goblin arms

Yeah as they're like

They're just like literally flying past you

They're not attacking you or anything

But unfortunately

After the pass by

Vino's ass

Oh man what is that smell

Oh my god

There's guano on you now

oh it's like nature's like way of saying hello and i like just like try and like shake off my arm

and like rub it on a nearby like bark to get it off oh i heard that's uh i heard guano is

really good as a way to fertilize the plants around here maybe they'll help the the growth

this area oh yeah that's totally what totes what i'm doing i like keep like just wiping it off

on different plants um hearing that holden is like oh that is a good idea uh and i will scrape

some off he's like just like you know okay the you know the the there's like a tree trunk hole

where the bats flew out of um can i get you to make a roll i think uh instinct probably makes

make sense as well here yeah who do you want to roll uh hold it okay what am i rolling for

uh it's like the equivalent of a nature check i guess we're putting in gd terms

uh that is 16 with hope oh wow okay look at you on a roll tip um

yeah so inside of this bat cave uh this little bat den in the tree trunk there's just oh my god

it smells horrendous but it's like liquid gold right the amount of guano that's on the bottom

here you could just like kind of if you wanted to you could scrape it all off and keep it for

yourself and for fertilizing your plants true absolutely uh i know that it's like the seeding

season right now it's the start of summer um i'm absolutely collecting this and i'm gonna mix it

into like a like a fertilizer that's an excellent fine uh venos right it's venos with us or finley

Oh no, it's Venus.

Yeah, yeah.

Excellent, fine.

Finley's too cool to hang out with you guys.

He thinks he's too cool to hang out with you guys. Sorry.

True, true.

Um...

Hey, and as we're looking around with that 16, I'll throw you another bow as well, because it's 16 with hope, success with hope.

um as you look down near where this tree trunk is uh you notice one of those

like stone days that i mentioned earlier this is like little little stone monument

um you can tell it's very very very weathered um but you can tell despite the fact that it's

old and it's been there for god i don't know how many years like hundreds and now

not thousands of years it definitely looks like it was carved intentionally or at least

deliberately placed in this location at some point in the past but it does look very rudimentary as

if whoever used this either didn't have tools or the tools were very primitive and very blunt

like stone like stone age type constructions instead of like bronze age if that makes any

sense yeah yeah absolutely uh holden kneels down and sort of wipes away the lichen um because it's

not really like moss or anything too well yeah it's like the dust and the dirt and the lichen

boys it looks like we're heading in the right direction very interesting these these carvings are

primitive whoa do i like are the carvings like magical in nature like do i do i see like runes

like either something similar to what Ellery would use or something similar to like what I

would use or Halden yeah uh that's a great question can you get a can you do a knowledge

roll for that okay let's do that um knowledge roll okay so knowledge yeah roll oh that was

good 12 hope 6 fear plus 1 19 with hope 19 with hope

yeah

you can't know for certain but you get the sense that there is a residual amount of spiritual

energy within these things and that might be what's sustaining the wildlife close to it in the first

place oh i see like that's the reason why there were there were bats in that little cave and that's

why in this you're kind of taking shelter almost yeah exactly it's almost like a little spiritual

sanctuary if you will and then can i like is it like too many carvings to remember or can i like

make note of like what's written on it yeah um actually to your surprise um

it's not carvings like it's it's it's like it's more like sorry let me let me rephrase that

the carvings are more like a like an embroidered design or like a tattoo or you know like the this

celtic celtic circle yeah it's more like a motif it's more like a motif is more like a shape instead

of like a it's not like writing exactly okay got it yeah huh so this thing i i tell halton this thing

is like protective it is like the reason why things around it aren't dying but i'm wondering

if maybe we could like take a piece of it or i don't know like do we need a piece of it for

venturing further would i be worried about taking it apart yeah i guess there's not like a small piece

maybe we could like chip just a little bit off i'm sure they won't they won't care

yeah yeah just a just a little piece it's already pretty well like we could like pebble in the

pocket situation this absolutely and we'll try to break off a small piece okay yeah um as you

try to try and chip and break away the small piece um almost on cue the you feel a sudden

presence behind both of you oh I spin around and as you spin around I'm gonna

point the hope I'm not pointing on my crotch but the idea is all you see is

like the knees of this giant creature in spiritual ethereal form and it has a

giant it's have its face is completely melted away this whole creature is

ethereal it's like glowing ghost ghastly uh blue like blue ghostly flames half his face is gone the

other half is like just skeletal remains and it has this giant giant war hammer in his hand

and as it shouts in the language you'll understand as it brings up the hammer and it slams down

between the two of you can i get you to make a dexterity reaction roll on both of you

agility agility agility let's do it i would also like to potentially use i am your shield

as i dive to cover a leg i actually did fairly well uh like 11 hope 7 fear plus zero so 18 with hope

18 with hold uh so you don't gain hope or fear on the reaction rolls but yes 18 would definitely

pass oh 18 yeah great i got a 21. yeah 21 both of y'all pass oh amazing okay so with that you watch

this creature literally he just manifests right behind you and then um this giant imposing figure

as you look at him from his legs up to his knees it swings his hammer down right in front of you

And you just hear this thud, like...

Yeah, like, does the earth erupt, too?

Like, does it...

Or is it just, like...

Is there...

Does he have a reaction from, like, the material plane?

Like, does the...

When he thuds his hammer down,

is there, like, basically a crater of dust and, like, debris?

Yes, let's say that.

There's a crater of dust and debris that kind of forms,

and all the dirt is kicked up.

you watch the the the trunk of the tree with the bats in it it starts to like basically shake and

it starts to basically like collapse backwards on itself right now there's a pile of dust

everywhere clouding it yeah you're like partially obscured in a way um who wants to go next

oh my god the tree's falling the tree the tree the the dying tree was basically just starting

gonna fall down yeah no can i try to catch it i don't want the bats to lose their home yes yes you

can okay okay um i would like to roll strength then if that's fine okay go for it yeah um and

i would like to use a hope well to use my farmhand experience of like lifting heavy up

as I brace behind the tree.

Damn.

That's a 17 plus 3.

It's 20 with hope.

Are you serious?

Yeah, I dig my heels into the ground.

I'm making up for all the bad rolls last time.

Nice, nice, nice.

And I catch the giant tree.

And you see Holden, for an old man,

embrace what youthfulness is left in him.

yeah and i catch the tree as i try to muscle it back up yeah you try to make it that's home you

try to muscle the tree the tree as you watch as the tree is starting to fall there were a little

bit of bats still in the top section deep in the trunk they start flutter out in a panic um as you

catch the tree with both your hands you start to are you pushing the tree back into its upright

position or yes okay as you're starting to push this teeny tiny little baby bat kind of flies

out of the cap the the little trunk hole and it looks at you with these like huge

baby eyes and it's like oh like that and as you erect a tree back into its place um upright um

Oleg, seeing Holden's brave at this act of courage and bravery, heroism, it inspires you, fills you with courage.

What would you like to do?

Okay, I'm going to use my, basically, Holden, sorry, Oleg has given himself some hand tattoos, the hand runes.

and I'm gonna full metal alchemist this and I'm gonna put my palms together um channel my magic

and then put the palms on the earth and I'm going to try to use my hand runes to hit him with my

magic as you see his magic kind of erupt uh on a path towards this dude um so I think I have to

make an instinct roll to hit so let's do that first

okay that is a nine with hope five fear plus three 17 with hope 17 with hope hits yeah great that hit

and then after all 2d10 magical oh my god doing this online is so much easier um it is i'll roll

to that is a five plus nine plus two wait why is it adding does it add your level to the damage

rule or why is it plus two like it's fixed based on the weapon type in dagger heart okay so um it

says i don't think there should be a plus two it just says 2d10 so i'm just gonna say it's a 14

damage to this dude 14 damage yeah okay and i hope it like phases him or i think i want to kind of

distract him from halden who's busy right now so you watch distract him is right because this

ferocious onslaught uh can you describe how you're attacking with a hand runes actually with as a

little goblin seems pretty cool oh yes so um he just has to be in like very close range

uh so i think i'm just gonna place my like glowing hands at his feet and i want to like basically

kick up all of the dirt and uh like fling the earth towards him so whether it be like an earth

spike or like kind of making the sand razor blades like i'm gonna use that element

um yeah as you carry them there and then you shove it in its in this creature space distract him you

did this it's um it's particularly effective against it and you hear this creature make that

roar again he goes as he raises his hammer and he swings it around with a reaction roll um but you

watch as this creature is quite sluggish and also somewhat blinded by the mix of dust and dirt that

you could dump and as it swings his hammer like it sweeps horizontally across how do you dodge it

deftly oh um i am going as i see it sweep its hammer across i'm going to like

basically dive forward so that it like misses me nice using timing your iframe so that you

pass by directly under the handle of the hammer you know the in super smash brothers like you know

luigi's like missile attack where he like goes sideways like i'm gonna like just dive forward to

like try to try to like go beneath this hammer yeah amazing okay um you dive forward you go

beneath his hammer as he kind of swings it around you rode with a success so he misses it with his

reaction uh one of you guys can go again okay um i think placing the tree back in place

uh haldin springs into action um you watch as he sprints forwards um and he because he's not

standing still he's not taking a stance like you guys would have normally um instead that magical

energy uh that you saw at the ritual um begins to take hold around his arms again um and you see

like the glowing gold and green uh as i this is like a giant right yeah he's giant spirit yeah

um i love the idea of haldin because he's so deftly maneuverable as a fear bulb uh starts

running up uh the like handle of the war hammer uh and like to sock him in the chin um so much

like oleg i'm gonna use my hand runes yes oh you also have everybody yes oh yeah baby oh yeah

is it because of the magic training

boys i just rolled a brit oh my god this is like he tapped he learned how to tap into his magic now

he's like on fire you guys are rolling yeah exactly during that yeah um yeah the the the

spirit of of uh anya's love uh is flowing through him his protection for his friends uh and uh with

a 26 i rolled biggest possible plus two uh it's 12 12 and plus two for instinct um i like leap off

the hammer and go for an uppercut and it's gonna deal 2d10 twice so 20 magical um and then question

for jab because i don't know i have a short sword as my secondary weapon which always remains sheathed

but is canonically uh like i use it like a club um because i won't unsheath it it deals plus two

of primary weapon damage targets within me i will be in melee rank that only gets added one correct

hand yeah it does get added once yes okay so i'll roll full damage first for the hand rooms

oh i didn't know so 31 plus two damage so 33 points of uh damage total as i uppercut

uh and i'll swing around with just like an off uh with my off hand as i club maybe box the side

of the dude's ears okay is it um yeah as you box the side of this creature's ears this guy's ears

you watch as hand rules focus with energy um it changes colors once okay what color is your uh

magic attack by the way typically this attack it is a mixture of gold and green okay it

it starts with mix of gold and green as you're kind of rolling it forward and for a brief moment

the world pauses and you're watching slow-mo as the camera like pads to 360 it and then you just

hear the sound and then this whole energy just expands in size as it becomes a pure golden like

like a comet rolls towards his face and you completely shatter his uh the head part of this

creature but you watch as it's still not done it's this headless giant now gets up yeah and it's using

his giant hand to grab onto you with his reaction i'm gonna make an attack roll here to see if it

lance okay interesting interesting does a 15 hit you what my vision is a 10 it does okay

and as it grabs onto you with this giant hand and pulls you away from it and uh it

crunches and basically squeezes into your armor on your back um he's gonna do

20 points of damage 20 yeah oh that's severe baby one two three damn uh and you know what i will

actually only take two as i mark okay not so bad um you rolled a crit but remember to clear uh

clear clear strides and gain hope and all that good stuff okay um i cleared a stress and get

hope yeah and i'm gonna use a fear here to interrupt the spotlight and he is gonna take

it with Halden in one hand and he's gonna go next to the tree that you had

preciously put back into the ground um and he's gonna shove you into the hole of the tree

no where the guano is yeah absolutely yeah and he's gonna shove your face into it he's gonna

make another attack roll here uh that's a 12 hits yes 12 hits yep um and as uh he shoves you he

pushes you into the thing let me see how much damage it's a little bit confusing to do this

one right now that's two okay that's me 12 points of damage on impact okay um i'll spend my last

armor slot yep drop that down okay okay so impact but i'm not done yet as it holdens basically head

like pierces through the the bat the bat hole there's like wooden wood chips and branches and

shrapnel it starts to basically explode and uh can i get you to make an agility reaction roll here

uh just oleg oh yeah yeah okay so i will make an agility roll let's see

that is a 13 uh with hope does that how is that you you don't gain hope so we just take the number

for 13. Oh, okay. So

agility rule.

Yeah, that would fill it, unfortunately.

Oh,

okay. Yeah. And you watch

as Holden

is shoved into the hole, the

parts of this big branch, it falls

down, and it slams onto you,

dealing six points of damage.

Oh, damn.

So that is

minor damage, but I'm gonna

use an armor slot

to reduce... If you use it, it

it to like nothing right or yes yeah always minus one got it okay uh am i has he let go of me he's

uh he shoved you into the hole yeah he let go of you now yeah okay because i would like to use my

i am your shield ability uh if oleg's within very close range and would take damage i'm gonna mark

a stress and like dive out of the way and become the target of the attack set i oh i see so i don't

need to use the armor i would say how that works i would say in the fiction because the whole thing

is he pushed you into the tree hole yeah i'm gonna prevent you from doing that for now that's okay i

have that's fine yeah cool okay who wants to go next so i will um i want to try and take a little

bit of focus away from alden and i'm going to mimic so he was like he's he yelling the same

thing to us like of course it's like guttural but it seems to be like the same note um so i'm going

to use uh voice of dread and i'm gonna amplify my voice with magic and i'm gonna try and mimic

like his yell from like behind him um i guess because he's facing like uh holden so i'm gonna

do a spell cast roll uh and that is a 20 with fear so seven hope 12 fear plus one um but i think

make a spell cast roll against them on a success they must mark a stress so does a 20

spell cast roll hit him though yes yeah i think so yes so on a success they must mark a stress

and they become temporarily vulnerable yeah so like how does he react to this like amplified

magical like voice um you watch i'm gonna copy him i don't know if i need to roll for that but

like yeah you watch as he's uh you as you basically use this ethereal scream he starts to

almost look to be in anguish of some sort he starts to wobble and shake uncontrollably as

as he's on the ground um with his hammer kneeling down now um creating an opportunity in a way but

because you rode with fear it's back to me um yeah once again he's still vulnerable at this stage

he's still on one of his knees he grips his hammer and he does like a sweeping attack against where

you are Oleg. Okay so what does he roll? Critical success unfortunately. Oh no.

Enemies do crit in this game so. So what does that mean? So it hits for sure. Do I have the

ability to be the shield now? You can actually be the shield for Oleg if you would like. Oh no

But I feel like I have more armor than you Jake. It's okay. It's what Halden would do

Okay

This is in front of this hammer being swung Jesus fucking Christ. This is one big hit

You're you're taking the hit

I'm taking the hit. Okay

You watch as as a creature

takes the hammer pulls it from the ground and

In a mad bash, I think Oleg was still focusing on controlling using his spell.

This creature takes his hammer and with surprising amount of velocity brings the hammer down.

You just hear clang, clang.

All you see around, if you zoom out, is just dirt and dust and smoke.

Like basically debris everywhere.

but underneath it is holden you serving as a shield how much uh um it's 43 points of damage

that's severe okay um are you alive i will take all three okay i have one hit point remaining

i've got uh oleg underneath me and i'm on all fours as this is striking my back yeah

okay yeah um i gotcha

there's you watch us uh holden's starting to cough up blood

out out of his mouth i'm gonna take yeah i'm gonna take some of this blood that holden's

coughing up i'm gonna like dip my finger into it and then make like a hex rune and i'm gonna use my

hex so when a creature causes an ally within close range to mark any number of hit points you mark a

stress to hex them action and damage rolls against a creature gain a bonus equivalent to my tier are

we tier two yes i think we're two two yeah and i think he's still vulnerable but i'm not sure does

that cat does that like use an action or is that just like for class features like do they just

do they happen as a reaction it doesn't really say it just happens it just happens it just happens

okay that happens okay describe how your hex appears

okay um like he starts oh yeah he starts kind of bleeding profusely from his eyes

and it's like the same blood that was used um to hex him so yeah i hope that it just like

disorients him and makes him a little bit easier to hit um so all the blood that was shed from my

friend is now gonna like come from him essentially um it's if i'm not mistaken the spotlight's back to

you one of you that's not an action because it just has hex just i want to yeah i'm i'm gonna

to turn to holden and say like let's yeah let's let's use the power of like friendship and love

to take this fucker down and i want to do i want to do a tag team role let's fucking go so i'm

gonna take some of his blood and i'm gonna make another quick rune on his hammer and i'm gonna

just empower it with kind of this hexed energy and i'm gonna let paulden like roll for this tag team

attack okay uh wait are you you're not using hammer using a sword right i use my hand runes

my short sword is just like an excess oh your hand runes oh my goodness okay wait let's link hands

so can we like we like put our hands together and link our hand runes and yes uh yeah like tell me

how like holden's magic is manifesting as we like prepare to attack this dude uh well what does your

magic look like like is it colored oh yeah i'm gonna say his magic is like a violet purple if

we're gonna go with his like color scheme yeah that's cool um yeah i think we we we clasp arms

uh as i'm like i cough a little bit of blood i gotcha we clasp arms and between the two of us

our magics uh start to like meld from each other's arms into each other um and i'll i'll swing you

around uh as i'll like fling you forward so you can attack with your hand runes and then i leap

after you uh and i'll i'll help with this okay and i rolled a crit again oh my god wow whoa

that's amazing okay so we're definitely using that um and oh for the tag team i'm gonna minus

my three because it takes three hope right i have exactly three hope excellent i'm just gonna send

a shot to the boys crazy just so you guys have some sure that i'm not just cheesing rolls no it's great

um yeah our magics fuse and surge uh and we we go back uh side to side shoulder to shoulder as we

start pummeling this ghost yeah let me roll damage a flat 30 plus 2 is ideal 32 damage

wow nice and then it's plus two more as it's against that creature that's hexed

plus two more 34 damage yeah yeah how much damage do you do oh do i roll damage as well yes okay you

damage that's incredible okay so we're gonna do that I I did very well for

damage I rolled nine nine and then it's gonna be plus another two because that

creatures hexed so dirty 20 so you quit again you were quick damage as well

oh nice oh wait so if he rolls a crit then my damage is double two is also credit absolutely

that's crazy so that's 40 damage huge yeah okay cool so 40 damage plus wait i don't think it

doubles the damage from the the hex though right so maybe 38 i think yeah that's how that would go

Okay, so tell me how you finish this guy.

Yeah.

Ooh!

I think the magic is going to hit him like kind of like a hailstorm.

Like it just like slowly pummels him and sort of chips away bit by bit

until he's just like completely worn down by the magical assault.

yeah and i'll let i'll let jake describe like what this creature's final moments are like

during the assault oh i like the idea that we're punched like boom boom like explosive hand runes

um and uh it's like losing limbs and it's like sparkling off uh because it's all ethereal um

and i like to think that with the power of uh oleg uh we all we we grasp the uh the the short sword

as it like like thunderclap style yeah and it releases this big big big plume of magical energy

um and it pierces through what's left of the chest of this ghost uh and and begins to like

sprinkle away like into a sparkly dust and i would hope that the dust stays so that i can collect it

as it becomes dust you watch it always collecting always collecting abc always be collecting

always be collecting

as this creature's the ectoplasm that was binding its spirit to this realm it dissipates and you

You watch as the stone daze, monument in the corner, the presence that you felt, the spiritual sanctuary that it was surrounding this area, it weakens and it fades away.

Fuck.

But what does remain is a pile of kind of like spirit dust it's left behind.

It's as a false on its back as it's shattering disintegrating you watch assets hammer

It starts to fade as well as it turns into dust

That's a good time that's perfect timing

Yeah, that's perfect

We should hell the crits today down

Double crit is crazy

I know. I mean, it was looking rough

for Halden, for sure.

I was like, don't get hit again.

I have no way of reviving.

Just before we end,

because I want to make sure we do this in the session,

I would like to

once per long rest, touch a creature

and clear two hit points or two

rest. So I'm going to clear two hit points

so that I

clear two hit points. Nice.

And then I have once

per rest,

I'm also gonna spend three hope. Where the hell is my...

Damn, there's something about clearing stress.

Oh, I'm gonna make a roll real quick. I'm just basically gonna heal myself in 10 to my wounds.

26 with fear. Javin, add yourself a fear.

And I'm going to clear two hit points myself.

All right.

Just that brings me a little more neutral.

All right.

Holden's weak.

He's got no armor.

So I'm going to need a rest soon, boys.

Okay.

i feel like we might rest before we enter the cave but that was awesome that

that was great i don't know if we did something horrible there but we'll find out

yeah we'll find out remember uh the the world is not the black and white so um

uh i'll just say so you you're not confused um the the way i have kind of structured the

encounters and the adversaries it's not like x faction is bad and the x faction is good and

there's only two clear-cut sides it's kind of like hey stay out of my territory everyone's kind of

like stay out of my territories type thing so it's like just because you had a fight with these guys

or just because the dragon thing was uh like spreading corruption it doesn't mean any side

is like necessarily good or bad does that make it just kind of like go and do it with that expectation

yeah like don't be afraid to act don't don't even know yeah so i think the way you guys navigated

this was completely great um but like yeah don't don't be afraid to either defend yourself or you

know use diplomacy when it makes sense like yeah yeah that's all sweet yep yep yep yep

thank you for the session john man yeah that was awesome yeah okay um how did it feel like dming

like because it's been a little while for this uh cozy glade yeah since since february but i

like i ran the session at breakout con raise when it wasn't like completely rusty but it did take me

like a couple like a second to get back into this wing of things for sure how about for you guys

